so today I'm going to be unboxing the
soos EAH 5770 cu core video card which
is based on the AMD 5770 video card so
I'll start by taking the plastic off
here
okay now let's open it and see what's
inside
alright opens from here alright let's
pull it out see what come inside the box
alright so we find the box inside the
box let's see what's inside of here okay
so first we find power adapter from six
pin to two molex we have a DVI to HDMI
adapter and a crossfire bridge and here
is the video card we'll look at that
later let's see what's inside of here
first the drivers you have the manual
and setup so now let's take a look at
the card itself which is right here I
must say it's fairly large let me open
it here comes in an anti-static bag
taped twice
okay finally got it okay here it is
here's a su schooler and at the back
here we find the DVI VGA and display
link
sorry DisplayPort I think and at the
bottom is the PCI Express and at the top
here there is a crossfire connector